The Joe Rogan experience. You can make anything taste pretty good. That's.
What, Jen, she cooked something up in bear camp this year. It was bear.
I think it was lo maybe. I, I don't know,
but it anyway cooked it for 12 or 20 hours. Something crazy.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> God, it was so good. No far, no, it was a back maybe.
Oh yeah. That's right. I remember that. Yeah. She was talking about that,
but it was so good. Yeah, she, yeah, she marinated it, right? Yeah. People.
Say spices. I'd like to see people who say, well, do you eat? Bear, have a,
a plate of, of gene rivets, bear meat. My God. That's.
All they want. Know what? Um, Ronella was talking about on his podcast.
And when the pioneers came out west,
they were shooting deers for their and bears for the meat. Really? Yeah. Oh,
I didn't know that. Yeah. They were shooting bears for meat, black bears. That,
that they preferred black bears for their meat. It's a delicious animal people.
Oh, is don't know. No, it is. Don't know.
And they think you're lying for some reason. Then you can eat bear.
You don't want to eat bear. Like you don't know what you're talking about.
If Jen rivet cooks you some bear. I, I defy you. I defy you.
If you like to eat meat, her stir fry you'd have be a, you have bear stir fry.
Yeah. That is fantastic.
You'd have to be a pathological liar to say it. Wasn't good.
If you don't like meat, maybe you won't like it. But if you do like meat,
you'd be like, wow, this is good. I, I say it tastes like, like a,
it's almost like a up deer.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> it's like a combination of like venison kind.
Yeah. And beef. Yeah. It's yeah. I mean, the way she cooks it is, you know,
I think there's a typical taste of bear. Or like people always say who,
who have a hat like that? They say it's greasy.
Cuz it's more like pish mm-hmm <affirmative> kind of, yeah.
I there's some add in it. It's like, it's just different.
But the way she does it in the tray or stir fry, it's.
Incredible. It's incredible. Yeah. Yeah. It's a really delicious animal.
That speaking of that hunt, that's what I,
I want to get Goggins on his first hunt.
Just like I took you on your first bow hunt.
So that's that's that's we can take him to John Jen's place. Yeah. Yeah.
That'd be perfect. Try to get a bear.
Yeah. Good, good. First bow kill. Has he shot a bow at all? Yeah.
I got him a bow. Has he been shooting? Uh, I don't know if he ha he shot.
When he came and worked out with me.
He's got the best Instagram stories ever. Those my God, those videos. I know.
I love nothing ever gets done, but being a <laugh> he? I was,
I was reading one of his text messages. He sent me yesterday.
He just sends the most ridiculous.
You showed me the one you showed me one like not too long ago.
Every couple months I get a new one. Yeah. Yeah.
I love it.
I love it. They wake you up too, man. I love, they wake me up.
I start doing chin-ups as soon as I get.
Those messages, I love his attitude. There's a few people who, um,
I love the most people. Like, you know, just good people. Just hardworking,
but I'm in love with their spirit. Yes. It's like his spirit Jacque spirit.
Yeah. Courtney's spirit, their spirit.
It's like it it's it's amazing. Yeah.
It's it's and he's like one of those guys that it's never gonna
waiver. Right. You know what? You're gonna get.
You get inspiration from it. I, I do. I get fuel from it. Yeah, yeah. Yeah.
I just, uh, even having the chance to train with him, it's like, man,
just feel lucky to,
to see him in action and see him change from David to
Goggins. Right. And, and.
It happened like, like becomes the.
Hulk. Oh my God. It hap I watched it and it's like, I thought, well,
maybe this is just kind of like a, whatever, maybe just a thing.
But it was real <laugh> it's like, when, when got hard,
he got into this different zone and it was like better.
He got better. Got tougher. Really? Yeah. He did. It was like.
So what'd you guys, do you ran like 30 miles? Yeah. 35.
35 Miles.
Yeah. And then you went back and lifted.
Yep. And, and we shot bows too, but uh, all that same day.
But during that race, it was kind of cold and, and snowy,
I think it was spit and snow, but rainy. It was soaking wet.
And uh, he, I remember like a mile 22, he,
something was happening with his feet and he had to take his shoes off
and untie his shoes. And it's like, normally that's not a good sign.
<affirmative>. I mean, if people are messing with their shoes, 22 miles into 30,
it's like, God, this is not, you know, cuz you know,
your feet are gonna get torn up. Right. Right.
So it's like you just kind of your feet, they could be bleeding,
torn ups. Like yeah, this is what happens and he's done a lot. So, so I'm like,
man, I don't know. I said, well, I said, I'm just gonna kind of keep,
keep chugging along and you know, get it figured out and,
and catch up and we'll go from there. And I thought, man,
there's a chance that maybe I won't see him again, but no sure.
As here he comes, he catches back up. Me and my brother were up there and he,
he went from 22, he got in this different groove.
And then I actually,
my calf on this race kind of locked up and it's like going up this last
grade with do one more summit and I couldn't run it. And I'm like,
he took off, I was just kind of power hiking it.
And I get up there and had a cameraman up there. And uh, David was like,
he was in his Goins mode. By that time, this was towards the end of the race.
We had like two miles left. It's like 33 miles in. And he,
I asked a cameraman up there. I'm like, Hey, I said, how did Goggins look?
And he's like, uh, will he had his shirt off?
And he was, and it was colding. He's had his shirt off. And he was saying,
they don't know me. I'm like, who is he? He is like, they don't,
they don't know me son and doing, saying all this stuff. I said,
who is he saying that to? And he's like, there's nobody up here. <laugh>.
So, so he has like imaginary enemies. Yeah. That.
He is fighting against and that's, but that's, that's real.
And so he did and he got better and he freaking just crushed the,
the second half of that race and same thing happened, lifting.
He like the more reps we did, the better he got.
And like at the end,
when we had so many reps and like we did this one last thing of doing,
yeah, we did like 95 reps of, or no,
a hundred reps of right there on the incline. Um, bench is only 95 pounds,
but we had done 600 reps before he ended up on the last set
did more than he did on the first set. That's insane. Yeah.
And that's when he's saying he starts yelling right here somewhere and it makes
get some volume.
15. Shut that muscle down. 16. Come on, get it.
17 y'all know me, son, get it 18. Me son.
Get it son. Yeah, you.
21. Yeah. Get again. How long we wanna see it.
Good. 22. Who's gonna carry the boats and the Lords.
That's you buddy on 23 on what?
The one more to carry the boats. You're gonna do,
you're gonna do it. You're gonna do it. My God. You did it. Yeah. What the?
This is at international fitness, just a regular gym. And people were like,
what the hell? What is this guy? But, and he,
he got into the, that zone and it's like, so,
so whatever he says abouts David,
that he was Goggins when he gets to Goggins dude,
look out it's it's like a whole, it's a different person. That's unstoppable.
It's Real's real. Yeah. It's real. It's real. I saw it. And he's like,
it's amazing. Well, that's.
How he broke the world. Chinup record. Yeah. I mean,
you have to be a complete eat psychopath to be able to do chin ups for 24 hours
a day.
And then so we went,
we went after that and we went and watched UFC got pizza
and uh, and it was getting late by that time. So we'd run 35 miles.
We shot bows. We lifted weights pretty full day. Ate pizza,
had a couple chocolate chip cookies watched UFC pretty good night.
And then so he's like, yeah, he goes, I gotta get, get back to my hotel.
I got still got a stretch, couple hours of stretching. And uh,
and my wife goes, oh, you're not gonna stretch. Just,
you can miss stretching tonight. It's like, what are you talking about?
David have David Goggins MIS stretching. Are you that's like, you know,
taking the night off? No.
No. He does some hardcore.
Stretching and he does for hours. And then that's just kind of his routine.
And then he got up the next day and from his hotel ran 15
miles. So people can say whatever they want.
The dude is as real as they get and a complete
Savage, uh, a hundred percent. It's not, it's like,
you can say whatever you want, cuz on Instagram,
you never know of what you see is what you get. It's he's amazing.
Yeah. He's real. There's no way he could be doing it.
As long as he is doing it without someone would expose him. Yeah.
Or he would expose himself. Yeah.
Well that's the real deal and that's why it's so special.
That's why it's so inspirational. Yeah.
Is because like that's all mental strength and he's all super honest about how
he used to be. He's like my brain was soft. I was.
Soft. Yeah. It's helped me because I've thought that I'm like, when I get tired,
I mean, I, I take inspiration from a lot of people, but it's like,
I I'm like, God, I need to have that little piece of GOs, you know, to beat,
to get in that it's, it's gotta be mental. It's like,
it's he just puts himself there and he struggles,
but then gets to this next level. And it's like, how it's just,
he just makes himself go.
There. He also has figured out now how to maintain his body,
which is very important. Yeah. You know, he,
that's why he's into that stretching.
<affirmative> he's had some like pretty significant mu issues in the past is so
OS muscle. Yeah. Right. Like locked up on him. Yeah. But now he realizes like,
there's, you know, there's a maintenance involved too. Yeah. Yeah. You know,
you gotta treat that thing like a vehicle, you know,
you gotta take care of that vehicle. Yeah.
He does. And he's, I mean, it was like,
I'll never forget sharing that day with him. Never. I mean, it's,
its it changed my life. Swear to God.